<<<<<<< HEAD
.TH g_velacc 1 "Mon 4 Apr 2011" "" "GROMACS suite, VERSION 4.5.4-dev-20110404-bc5695c"
.SH NAME
g_velacc - calculates velocity autocorrelation functions

.B VERSION 4.5.4-dev-20110404-bc5695c
=======
.TH g_velacc 1 "Tue 5 Mar 2013" "" "GROMACS suite, VERSION 4.6.1"
.SH NAME
g_velacc\ -\ calculates\ velocity\ autocorrelation\ functions

.B VERSION 4.6.1
>>>>>>> 2aa1ce7f6f65a45829ff249723a2667c864a68b2
.SH SYNOPSIS
\f3g_velacc\fP
.BI "\-f" " traj.trr "
.BI "\-s" " topol.tpr "
.BI "\-n" " index.ndx "
.BI "\-o" " vac.xvg "
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
.BI "\-os" " spectrum.xvg "
>>>>>>> 2aa1ce7f6f65a45829ff249723a2667c864a68b2
.BI "\-[no]h" ""
.BI "\-[no]version" ""
.BI "\-nice" " int "
.BI "\-b" " time "
.BI "\-e" " time "
.BI "\-dt" " time "
.BI "\-[no]w" ""
.BI "\-xvg" " enum "
.BI "\-[no]m" ""
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
.BI "\-[no]recip" ""
>>>>>>> 2aa1ce7f6f65a45829ff249723a2667c864a68b2
.BI "\-[no]mol" ""
.BI "\-acflen" " int "
.BI "\-[no]normalize" ""
.BI "\-P" " enum "
.BI "\-fitfn" " enum "
.BI "\-ncskip" " int "
.BI "\-beginfit" " real "
.BI "\-endfit" " real "
.SH DESCRIPTION
\&\fB g_velacc\fR computes the velocity autocorrelation function.
\&When the \fB \-m\fR option is used, the momentum autocorrelation
\&function is calculated.


\&With option \fB \-mol\fR the velocity autocorrelation function of
\&molecules is calculated. In this case the index group should consist
\&of molecule numbers instead of atom numbers.
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======


\&Be sure that your trajectory contains frames with velocity information
\&(i.e. \fB nstvout\fR was set in your original \fB .mdp\fR file),
\&and that the time interval between data collection points is
\&much shorter than the time scale of the autocorrelation.
>>>>>>> 2aa1ce7f6f65a45829ff249723a2667c864a68b2
.SH FILES
.BI "\-f" " traj.trr" 
.B Input
 Full precision trajectory: trr trj cpt 

.BI "\-s" " topol.tpr" 
.B Input, Opt.
 Structure+mass(db): tpr tpb tpa gro g96 pdb 

.BI "\-n" " index.ndx" 
.B Input, Opt.
 Index file 

.BI "\-o" " vac.xvg" 
.B Output
 xvgr/xmgr file 

<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
.BI "\-os" " spectrum.xvg" 
.B Output, Opt.
 xvgr/xmgr file 

>>>>>>> 2aa1ce7f6f65a45829ff249723a2667c864a68b2
.SH OTHER OPTIONS
.BI "\-[no]h"  "no    "
 Print help info and quit

.BI "\-[no]version"  "no    "
 Print version info and quit

.BI "\-nice"  " int" " 19" 
 Set the nicelevel

.BI "\-b"  " time" " 0     " 
 First frame (ps) to read from trajectory

.BI "\-e"  " time" " 0     " 
 Last frame (ps) to read from trajectory

.BI "\-dt"  " time" " 0     " 
 Only use frame when t MOD dt = first time (ps)

.BI "\-[no]w"  "no    "
 View output \fB .xvg\fR, \fB .xpm\fR, \fB .eps\fR and \fB .pdb\fR files

.BI "\-xvg"  " enum" " xmgrace" 
 xvg plot formatting: \fB xmgrace\fR, \fB xmgr\fR or \fB none\fR

.BI "\-[no]m"  "no    "
 Calculate the momentum autocorrelation function

<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
.BI "\-[no]recip"  "yes   "
 Use cm\-1 on X\-axis instead of 1/ps for spectra.

>>>>>>> 2aa1ce7f6f65a45829ff249723a2667c864a68b2
.BI "\-[no]mol"  "no    "
 Calculate the velocity acf of molecules

.BI "\-acflen"  " int" " \-1" 
 Length of the ACF, default is half the number of frames

.BI "\-[no]normalize"  "yes   "
 Normalize ACF

.BI "\-P"  " enum" " 0" 
 Order of Legendre polynomial for ACF (0 indicates none): \fB 0\fR, \fB 1\fR, \fB 2\fR or \fB 3\fR

.BI "\-fitfn"  " enum" " none" 
 Fit function: \fB none\fR, \fB exp\fR, \fB aexp\fR, \fB exp_exp\fR, \fB vac\fR, \fB exp5\fR, \fB exp7\fR, \fB exp9\fR or \fB erffit\fR

.BI "\-ncskip"  " int" " 0" 
<<<<<<< HEAD
 Skip N points in the output file of correlation functions
=======
 Skip this many points in the output file of correlation functions
>>>>>>> 2aa1ce7f6f65a45829ff249723a2667c864a68b2

.BI "\-beginfit"  " real" " 0     " 
 Time where to begin the exponential fit of the correlation function

.BI "\-endfit"  " real" " \-1    " 
 Time where to end the exponential fit of the correlation function, \-1 is until the end

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR gromacs(7)

More information about \fBGROMACS\fR is available at <\fIhttp://www.gromacs.org/\fR>.
